Relationship rules

Consider the following example:
    child: "Helena Streeter"
    is a member of: "Blue" class
    taught by: "Miss Walker"
    who made a child assessment: {"school_name": "St. Oswalds", "assessment_type": "Anecdotal Record", "child": "Helena Streeter", "date": 20170613, "age": "04/05", "setting": "Reading corner", "time": "11:25", "observer": "Miss Walker"}
    consisting of one observation: {"observation": "Held the book the correct way and turned the pages as if reading"}
    NB: {"assessment_type": "Anecdotal Record"} has only one associated assessment record {"assessment_type": "Anecdotal Record", "observation": "free text"}
    this information appeared on the end-of-term report: "Year 2017 / Term 1"

Rules:
 1. a child is assigned to one, and only one, class. 
 2. a class is composed of zero or more children (normally several children in each class, a newly-created class may have zero children allocated)
 3. a teacher is/was responsible for zero or more classes (normally a teacher will be responsible for at least 1 class, some teachers may not be assigned)
 4. a class has/had zero or many teachers (normally a teacher is assigned to a class, but the teacher can leave, so a class could temporarily have no teacher).
 
 NB: there could be only one class containing all the childern, but some children only come in on certain days
 
 5. a teacher performs zero or more child assessments
 6. each child assessment is performed by one, and only one teacher
 7. each child assessment relates to one, and only one, child
 8. each child may have zero or many child assessments
 9. a child assessment is of one, and only one, assessment type
10. a type of assessment (assessment type) may have zero or more child assessments of that type made
11. a type of assessment (assessment type) consists of a set of one or more assessment observations
12. a child assessment is composed of one or more observations
13. an observation relates to one, and only one, child assessment
14. an observation relates to one, and only one, assessment observation
15. a report consists of ZERO or more obervations (NB: you may want to produce/record an empty report)
16. an observation appears on one, and only one, report
17. a child may have zero of more reports
18. a report relates to one and only one child

These rules are already encoded in the ERD diagram, CAROL-ERD-0.1.png, by the connection line endings.

